ladies and gentlemen welcome to a
special holiday
halloween day episode of dsp tries it
it is halloween 2020 and for this event
first of all i was expecting to do it a
lot earlier i was in line
for over 30 minutes to get the food for
today's dsp tries it
yeah there were 17 cars in line at 3 30
p.m
figure that one out i have no idea
but today today we're doing something
special because it's a holiday
we're doing a taste test head to head
challenge
all right i've done these before and
we're doing it again
two items from wendy's that are
currently available on the wendy's menu
right now
what are the items there's two
chicken sandwiches on the menu right now
at wendy's that are new
offerings that i'm curious to see which
is better
there is the jalapeno bacon jalapeno
chicken sandwich
and then there is the pub chicken
sandwich okay
um they're very different this but the
bacon jalapeno sandwich is based on a
spicy chicken
uh breast there's the spiciness to it
with jalapenos and a cheese sauce
the pub chicken is regular home style
chicken with like like fried onions
and some kind of like a supposed to be
like a beer sauce beer cheese sauce so
supposed to be very different okay so
i'm gonna do them head to head
a taste test head to head to let you
know which one i think is better now
where do you hear this the
pulled chicken sandwich is 7.29
yeah that's the cost of like the whole
combo meal anywhere else
7.29 the bacon jalapeno sandwich i think
is 6.89
so price wise these sandwiches are
almost equivalent and they are
very effing expensive like i'm shocked i
was shocked at the price because
typically
it's maybe like five six dollars tops
for a sandwich at a fast food place
7.29 for a fn sandwich all right holy
[ __ ]
for those prices these better be damn
good sandwiches all right
now i don't know which is which let's
just open up one i'll put one to the
side over here
let's open up the first sandwich and see
what it is here we go
greasy it is it's greasy i got napkins
right over here
smells good so this is
the pub chicken sandwich from wendy's
okay home style uh creek and breast
which means it's just it's breaded but
it's not spicy
i believe this has pickles on it let's
open it and take a look and see what's
actually in it
we got pickles we've got
fried onions we got bacon
their their standard applewood smoked
bacon we've got what i believe is a
munster cheese slice
on it and then i think this is supposed
to be the beer batter chicken sauce
okay and all that is on a pretzel bun
which i like the wendy's pretzel buns
they're pretty unique compared to other
fast food buns
okay um so
like i said this is 7.29 for this damn
thing i don't think there's anything on
the bottom i'm just going to double
check
nope that's just the chicken breast see
that okay
by the way one of the fried onions fell
off like a little mini onion ring
it's actually pretty good mmm that's
tasty
okay so
let's give it a shot the pub chicken
sandwich from wendy's
here we go i've never had monster i
don't think i've ever had munster cheese
besides like on a fast food sandwich
like this before by the way
all right
hmm
that is interesting because there's
definitely a lot of salt of course fast
food
but the pickle
the the vinegar taste of the pickle cuts
into the salt flavor
i can definitely taste the chicken is
very good i loved wendy's chickens juicy
breading is always really good um
i did get an onion which was good but i
don't think i got any of the cheese
sauce
i do think i got a little bit of the
monster cheese but i couldn't really
taste it i'm gonna take a second bite
here hold on
it's very crunchy
it's crunchy because not only do you
have the pickles but you've got the
onions
so you've got the crispiness of the
fried onions and the crunch of the
pickle now i got some of the stupid
uh beer sauce on my finger i'm gonna try
to taste it by itself
and just see what it's what it tastes
like
weird it doesn't taste like beer at all
i know what it tastes like honestly
honey mustard
it tastes kind of like honey mustard to
me um
it doesn't taste very unique it just
maybe has a slight variation in flavor
from honey mustard it's not as sweet i
would say it's a little bit more of a
mustardy honey mustard
um rather than um
like the the sweetness of honey mustard
usually maybe like a variation on a
mustard flavor
but that does not taste like beer sauce
or it doesn't taste like cheese either
it tastes like mustard to me
um i'll take a third bite now this
bite's gonna have a lot of bacon in it i
didn't get any bacon yet
in the bites that i've done this bite
should probably have a lot of bacon in
it
okay
toner bacon oh my god
that by reminding me they used to do a
um i don't know they still do it there's
like chicken chicken bacon
and something else they do over at
arby's
because that was almost all bacon and
chicken and nothing else
i didn't really get any other flavors
there so
i'm gonna take one more bite i'm gonna
tell you what i think then we're gonna
switch over to the bacon jalapeno
chicken and that's supposed to be a
spicy sandwich okay
which i should say no spice at all in
this sandwich it's good i'd say it's
good the flavors are interesting
i don't think i've gotten all of the
flavors in one bite like the first bite
was salty but it had a balance with the
pickle then i got a really crunchy bite
where i got a lot of onions and pickles
and the third bite was all bacon like
i'm not i'm not seemingly getting all
the flavors in one bite
and quite frankly i'm not really tasting
the beer sauce at all
in it all right one more bite okay
okay
my opinion is it's okay it's good but
honestly the bites where i got the
pickles were the best
because i really felt like i said the
pickle flavor kind of balanced out with
the other flavors of the sandwich
while if i'm not getting a pickle in a
bite it definitely seems a lot more dry
and it seems a lot more like salty
overpowering salt
over everything else not bad um very
mild though
not a lot of like extra no kick to it
this is the mustard
i don't really i can't really taste the
mustard at all or supposed to be beer
batter beer chick beer cheese
i don't taste it at all the munster
cheese seems very mild
um the bacon's good the chickens i look
in i love the chicken
at wendy's i think it's high quality
chicken for a chicken sandwich
and the pickles and the onions are good
but not everything comes through
in that sandwich okay all right that's
the pub chicken sandwich
now we move on the bacon jalapeno
sandwich okay
uh
guess what
we are not doing a head-to-head dsp
tries it because they gave me two pub
chicken sandwiches
i waited a half an hour
in line for this and they gave me two of
the same sandwich
and i paid more money i paid more money
for this one and well the other one
well actually i guess i made out because
this one's more expensive and i didn't
pay as much
yeah i actually did i actually made up
now hold on a second yeah look
so this one they just screwed up the
order is what they did it's completely
screwed up
because no jalapenos on here at all they
put the fried onions like it's the pub
chicken sandwich
but the weird thing about it is they
gave me the spicy chicken breast
yeah they put the spicy chicken breast
on it which i didn't ask for i ordered
the bacon jalapeno chicken sandwich
and the combo four because it was combo
12.
then i ordered a separate pub chicken
sandwich so whoever made it just doesn't
know what the [ __ ] they're doing
because this is supposed to have
jalapenos and a special jalapeno sauce
and it's not supposed to have the pub
bun
it's supposed to be like a different
kind of bun a regular bun
so i can't even do it i can't even do
the head taste test
what i can do let me confirm this is the
spicy chicken because it looks like it
yeah it is i'm getting the kick the
spicy kick in my mouth
so what i can do i can now try this one
and i can tell you comparing the home
style
to the spicy which i feel is better for
the pub chicken sandwich so this
was supposed to be head-to-head pub
chicken versus bacon jalapeno it's now
become
head-to-head home style versus spicy pub
chicken sandwich because they [ __ ] up
my order
i only waited half an hour for this by
the way
okay so
here we go and by the way no no
teenagers were working there was all
adults working at wendy's as well
someone just said all the teenagers
[ __ ] it up
there's no teenagers they were all
adults
and they don't know what they're doing
so anyway
all right the spicy version of the pub
chicken sandwich
let's see how this compares with the
regular
hmm
you know what interesting how things
work out
all right i'm gonna be honest this is
better than that this with the with the
spiciness of the chicken breast
instead of just the plainness of the
regular home style
this is perfect it gives it that kick
that it was looking for remember i told
you over there
it was good when i had the pickles and
the onions but the bite without it was
too
like dry salty bland this spice is good
this is like it's a good building spice
in your mouth because of the chicken
breast and everything i'm gonna take
another bite this is good man
[Music]
man that's good oh man
i'm shocked the thing i didn't order is
better than what i actually ordered
it's good i like the spiciness of the
spicy chicken breast at wendy's
it's spicy but it's not too spicy but
the more you eat it builds in your mouth
it works perfectly with all these
flavors the bacon the
onion fried onion the salt again
can't really taste the cheese sauce it's
going to be honest can't really taste it
that well or the monster cheese
it's there but it must be more milder
cheeses where you can't really taste
them that much
but the pickles go really well with the
spicy chicken breast
the pickles actually accentuate it
perfectly
okay
[Music]
every bite with a pickle is a perfect
bite
sadly i only have one pickle left on the
whole sandwich it looks like they only
put three pickles on the sandwich
and once you eat through them that's it
all right one more bite
all right
all right guys straight up head to head
home style versus spicy version of the
pub chicken sandwich
the home style's not bad if you're like
if you're someone who just doesn't like
spicy foods and you want a variation on
the chicken sandwich
that's not bad and by the way i should
point out they also offer in the grilled
style
so if you don't want fried chicken at
all you don't want any breading you just
want
uh straight up um
straight up chicken so it's healthier
yeah right like anything at the fast
food place is healthy right
they do offer in the grill style but
home style versus spicy
the home style is good but if you don't
have a bite with a pickle in it
it's kind of bland it has a lot of salt
flavor all you're going to taste is
bacon if you get a ton of the bacon in a
bite
it's really good if you get the pickles
and the onions together but the cheese
sauce and the mustard cheese
aren't very powerful and therefore they
don't become like a really accentuation
on the bite
it's more everything else you taste and
if you don't get those things like the
pickles or the onions
it's not so good the spicy chicken
version of the pub chicken sandwich is
perfect
right now i got it a little bit of spicy
build in my mouth
as i ate it it accentuated all the
flavors perfectly
that's exactly what you want that's a
good balance so
excuse me i would say if you're going to
get it
the pub chicken sandwich that is and if
you're looking for the best flavor
you're going to want to go with the
spicy
of course if you don't like spiciness to
your sandwiches you can always get it
without that in the home style but i'm
gonna say spicy now here's the thing
6.89 for this sandwich is it worth it
no it's not the wendy's chicken
sandwiches are good
the size of the chicken you get at
wendy's is big it's on par with it you
would get it like chick-fil-a or even
popeye's
it's way bigger than mcdonald's burger
king everywhere else it's a big ass
chicken breast that you get on a
sandwich
so it's filling but one sandwich for
seven dollars
is pretty crazy to me i'm sorry
the combo itself is nine dollars and
change so you're telling me
basically for two more dollars you get
fries in a soda it's a dollar each for
the fried in the soda i guess that makes
sense um but that's just so expensive
you know what i mean it's just so
expensive to me
fast food wise you know i've been doing
dsp tries it for 10 years
and it's hard for me to even tell you
guys that it's a good value to buy a
sandwich that's five dollars or more
this one's almost seven dollars that's
crazy right
i apologize i cannot review the bacon
jalapeno sandwich like i wanted to
because they [ __ ] it up
so go check that one out on your own
time i guess but for the pub chicken
sandwiches
you got home style you got spicy i say
go for the spicy
that's the better flavor profile alright
thank you guys for watching this special
halloween episode of dsp tries it i hope
you enjoyed it
thanks